# Resume LLM

This project generates a PDF resume based on:
- A JSON resume file (`json`)
- A Markdown template (`markdown`)
- A job description (`string`)

## Setup

1. Install dependencies via `UV`:
    ```bash
    uv sync
    ```
2. Copy file `resume_example.json` and rename to `resume.json`. Then fill it with your own information.
3. Copy `.env.sample` and rename to `.env`.
4. Go to [**Google AI Studio**](https://aistudio.google.com/apikey) and Get API Key to access Gemini model. Then replace it in `GEMINI_API_KEY` in `.env`.
5. locate template md file in `src/resume/template.md` and change the style in case of need.

Finally, the project is prepared to run the command described in next section.


## Usage

Run this script from the command line with the appropriate options:

- **--resume-json**: Path to the JSON file containing the resume data. Default is "resume.json".
-  **--template-md**: Path to the Markdown template file. Default is "src/resume/template.md".
-  **--job-description**: Job description for the position. This option is required.
-  **--output-pdf**: Path to save the generated PDF resume. Default is "output.pdf".


 ```bash
uv run python generate.py --resume-json "resume.json" --template-md "src/resume/template.md" --jobs-json "jobs.json"--output-dir "output"
```

Customize paths and descriptions as needed. A PDF file will be generated at the specified location.


## Template

Template Markdown file(located in `src/resume/template.md`) uses placeholders—like `{title}`, `{bio}`, and `{educations}`—which get replaced at runtime with data from your resume JSON file. Each placeholder corresponds to a key in the JSON structure. You can modify these placeholders to match your own data keys as needed, and add or remove entire sections to customize your resume layout.

```

#{title}

{bio}


#

##تحصیلات

{educations}

##تجربیات کاری

{experiences}

##مهارت‌ها

{skills}

##دوره‌ها

{courses}

##پروژه‌ها

{projects}

##انتشارات

{publications}


<br />
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align:center;">
<a href="https://github.com/softrebel/resume-llm">
<em>Generated by ResumeLLM (developed by Mohammadreza Shaghouzi)</em>

</a>
</div>


```


## Resume Json
First of all, you must copy file `resume_example.json` and rename it to `resume.json` in order to use in generate resume.
You can add your own information in each field (e.g. "title", "bio", "skills") with the relevant text arrays or strings. The script uses these fields to generate sections in the final PDF resume. Make sure the JSON keys match what the code expects.

Example:

```json
{
    "title": "محمدرضا شاقوزی",
    "educations": " کارشناسی دانشگاه اول\nکارشناسی ارشد دانشگاه دوم",
    "bio": "تست",
    "skills": "Python\nPytorch\nTensorflow",
    "experiences": "شرکت اول 1402-1403\nشرکت دوم 1403-1404",
    "projects": "پروژه اول\nپروژه دوم",
    "courses": "دوره جامع هوش مصنوعی مجتمع فنی نیاوران",
    "publications": "کتاب اموزش وب‌کاوی با scrapy"

}
```

